Allow mixing Rust and non-Rust sources (#14818)
mesonbuild/meson: docs/markdown/snippets/rust-mixed.md

## Rust and non-Rust sources in the same target

Meson now supports creating a single target with Rust and non Rust

> sources mixed together, as long as the `link_language` is `rust`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sources mixed together. In this case, if specified, `link_language` must be set to `rust`.
```
or something similar: IIUC the implementation, if `link_language` is not set, it is set to `rust` automatically.
